docs: add docs for the available query filter for workspaces and users (#7875)
coder/coder: docs/admin/users.md

coder reset-password <username>
```

> ## Filtering Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User filtering
```

> ## Filtering users
> 
> In the Coder UI you can filter your users using the pre-defined filter or by using the Coder's filter query like the examples below:
> 
> - `status:active` to find active users
> - `role:admin` to find admin users
> 
> The supported filters are:
> 
> - `status` - The status of the user. It can be a `active` or `suspended`.
> - `role` - The role of the user. You can [find here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/codersdk#TemplateRole) all the user roles that are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filtering Users

In the Coder UI, you can filter your users using pre-defined filters or by utilizing the Coder's filter query. The examples provided below demonstrate how to use the Coder's filter query:

- To find active users, use the filter `status:active`.
- To find admin users, use the filter `role:admin`.

The following filters are supported:

- `status` - Indicates the status of the user. It can be either `active` or `suspended`.
- `role` - Represents the role of the user. You can refer to the [TemplateRole documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/codersdk#TemplateRole) for a list of supported user roles.
```
